[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
JASON SHURKA: February 6,
2020, there was a meeting.
I have been approached,
prepared, and chosen.
There are many
theories that we're
the breeding of extraterrestrial
life and human beings,
and that's exactly what we are.
And I'll take it a step further.
GEORGE NOORY: Did you see
the Ark of the Covenant?
PATRICIA MONNA: I saw quite
a few things down there.
NOORY: Welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
We've got a great
program for you.
Jason Shurka with
us, Vice President
of a commercial real
estate firm based out
of the Big Apple in
New York, and he's
in charge of acquisitions
and development.
He writes as a hobby and has
written and published a couple
books so far, both in the
realm of spirituality.
Jason, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
SHURKA: Thank you so
much for having me.
NOORY: It's great to have you.
We have a video clip
from your YouTube channel
that explains what happened
to you a couple years ago
and how it has led to what
we're talking about now.
Two years ago, I was approached
by somebody who presented
himself to me as a stranger.
Today, I know that that
was no coincidence.
We had some
conversations, anywhere
from the fundamental
nature of the universe
to extraterrestrial
life to the pyramids
and many other
fascinating things.
Over time, as our
relationship grew stronger,
he revealed more and
more information to me,
and there came a point where
he revealed his affiliation
to a specific organization
that has been in existence
for thousands of years.
And that's why I'm
making this video today.
The organization has decided
after a very long existence
to finally reveal themselves
for who they are, what they do,
and their purpose of
existing in the first place.
I want to start by
saying that I am not
a part of the organization.
I am not initiated
into the organization.
I have just been
approached, prepared,
and chosen as a specific
messenger of information
by this organization.
NOORY: Who are the members
of this organization, Jason?
SHURKA: There are about 7,000
of them worldwide that work
around the entire planet.
Some are very well known.
They could be world
leaders, producers,
celebrities in every realm
that we may-- we know.
NOORY: I could be in it.
SHURKA: You could be in it,
and I would have no idea.
That's a possibility.
But most of the people that
work in TLS are not known.
They're just people with a
double life, with a cover,
and nobody knows
what they actually--
NOORY: How were they recruited?
SHURKA: That's a great question.
For the most part, from
my understanding so far--
and I've only had really
two years of experience,
because that's when it
started in my life--
they choose people, at least
the people that I know,
based on an energetic criteria
that those people fit,
in terms of some sort
of energy or ability
that they're born with.
NOORY: You're a piece
of a puzzle, aren't you?
SHURKA: Completely.
NOORY: And they
needed that piece.
SHURKA: I guess so.
NOORY: What is their mission?
SHURKA: Their purpose
is to guide humanity
in reaching a higher level of
consciousness and awareness.
NOORY: How do they do this?
SHURKA: In many,
many different ways.
They could guide--
again, without--
I'll give you an example.
Let's say that there
is a certain movement
that the government can
impose that can hurt humanity.
NOORY: Mandatory vaccines.
SHURKA: We can say that.
NOORY: All right.
Let's talk about that.
SHURKA: So they will
play a role in stopping
that behind the scenes.
So let's say somebody that
works in the government
is part of TLS.
NOORY: If it's wrong,
they'll stop it.
SHURKA: If it goes against-- if
it's suppressing or controlling
humanity, it's a
no-no, because they're
trying to bring us
or at least guide us
to where we got
to get to, to what
we would call fifth
dimensional awareness or above.
NOORY: How old is
this organization?
SHURKA: Thousands of years old.
I know about 5,000
years old, but I
don't have the exact
date when they started.
NOORY: So the ancients
started this thing.
SHURKA: Very, very long ago.
NOORY: A long time ago.
SHURKA: Yes.
NOORY: And at this
point today, they're
located all around the
planet, these 7,000 members?
SHURKA: Yes.
However, TLS doesn't
just work on Earth.
They do have very
high technology.
They are in contact
with other races.
And by the way, I
didn't mention it,
but not all members are
part of the human race.
So there are other races today--
NOORY: ETs.
SHURKA: Yeah.
NOORY: Or whatever.
SHURKA: That's what they are.
I just don't like
calling them aliens,
because we live in a
universe, and in my eyes,
nobody's an alien.
They are extraterrestrial.
NOORY: What does TLS stand for?
SHURKA: The Light System.
NOORY: Fascinating.
SHURKA: Yes.
NOORY: And it's had that
name since the get-go.
SHURKA: So-- OK,
from what I know,
there's a big connection
to the Hebrew language.
That doesn't mean Judaism.
The Hebrew language
existed way before Judaism
came to being in
the first place.
The Hebrew language actually
in Hebrew is called--
the translation is
the divine language.
The pharaohs used the
Hebrew language as well.
And there is a whole sort
of energetic resonance
between the letters
corresponding with numbers.
That's called gematria.
So in Hebrew, TLS
is called [HEBREW]
which means The Light
System, and it's
been translated into English.
NOORY: Why haven't we heard
about this organization before?
SHURKA: My first question--
two questions was, why
are you coming out now,
and why are you
choosing me to do it?
NOORY: Exactly.
SHURKA: Right.
That's the first thing
that I would ask.
NOORY: Did they answer that?
SHURKA: Yes, and their answers
were very simple, actually.
Why now?
Because people are ready.
NOORY: How did
they approach you?
SHURKA: It's the
equivalent of somebody--
I like wearing
crystal necklaces.
Let's say somebody
comes up to you.
I like your necklace, you know?
Now, two years ago when--
the man who wrote "The
Pyramid Code," by the way,
was the same man
who approached me.
That person, when
he came up to me,
came up to me as a stranger
to represent himself as,
hey, how are you?
I like your necklace.
Started asking me questions.
Now, I thought he
was a stranger,
and he wasn't, obviously,
because they knew exactly who I
was, because they've
been following me
for a very, very long time.
So they knew what to ask and
what would spark my interest,
and that's what he did.
So I've always liked things that
have to do with ancient aliens
or extraterrestrials.
Technology, pyramids, and so on.
And those are the conversations
that he sparked with me.
And a stranger
turned into a friend,
and a friend turned into
a very powerful and strong
relationship between
me and this person.
NOORY: And then he told you.
SHURKA: Over time.
Not in the beginning.
NOORY: OK.
SHURKA: And if you ask me, I
think it happened perfectly,
because if he approached me at
that time on the street saying,
hey, how are you, I come from
an organization with aliens
and high technology, I
would probably look at him--
NOORY: Uh-huh.
Yeah.
SHURKA: [LAUGHS]
NOORY: See you.
SHURKA: The disclosure
process that I was put through
was done in a way where
it was appropriate for me
and I was ready when I
received the information that
was given to me.
NOORY: Does date
February 6, 2020,
have anything to do with this?
SHURKA: Very much so.
So February 6 of 2020, this
year there was a meeting.
That meeting is referred
to in the document called
"The Pyramid Code,"
which by the way,
there are other doc-- there is a
documentary called "The Pyramid
Code" and another book
called "The Pyramid Code."
So I just want to make it
clear that "The Pyramid
Code" that I'm talking
about is on my website.
It's free.
You can download it.
NOORY: OK.
SHURKA: And it's about
44 pages to read.
It takes about four hours.
On February 6,
there was a meeting
that happened between me, a
few other members, and people
of TLS.
And it was led by one of the
heads of the organization.
There's a person or
organization who is--
was/is one of the leaders.
His name is Rabbi AA.
In Hebrew, it's
Rabbi Aleph Aleph,
which is the first letter
of the Hebrew alphabet.
Those are his
initials of his name.
His full name is Rabbi
Eliezer Alfrandi.
Eliezer in Hebrew
spelled with an Aleph.
So the translation was AA, even
though Eliezer is with an E.
On that date, it was me, the
person who first approached me,
and a few others that
were sitting down.
And the rabbi was
speaking to us.
Now, just to make it
clear, this is not
a religious organization.
It has nothing to
do with religion.
It has nothing to do with race.
NOORY: Are they spiritual?
SHURKA: Absolutely.
NOORY: They are.
SHURKA: So there's another
head of the organization that's
Japanese that has nothing
to do with Judaism.
He's 613 years old.
NOORY: Literally.
SHURKA: Yes.
Physical human being--
NOORY: You've seen him?
SHURKA: Him, I have not.
The rabbi, I have.
The rabbi is 424 years old.
NOORY: 420-some years old?
SHURKA: 424 years.
NOORY: How does he look?
Like a 400-year-old man?
SHURKA: How does a
400-year-old man look?
NOORY: Not well.
SHURKA: No, no, no.
Very well.
Very strong, very powerful.
NOORY: How has he lived so long?
SHURKA: I guess through--
I'm sure he's gone through some
version of the barakah process,
which is--
NOORY: And he's a human being.
SHURKA: Human being.
Human being.
Listen, let's put it this way.
If you want to speak
logically, if today we
can live till 100 years old
with toxic water, toxic food,
toxic air, and so many stresses
around us like radiation
and so on and we can
still live to 100, then
what makes you
think if you don't
have all those
toxicities in your life,
you can't live till 400?
NOORY: I just had a story
about a Japanese fellow who's
117 years old and
245 days, and he's
supposed to be the oldest
human being alive today.
SHURKA: Reported.
NOORY: Why doesn't anybody know
about someone like this rabbi?
SHURKA: So again, I
asked the same question.
Why don't these-- there's
a different question.
Why don't these people come
out and show themselves?
But it's not foolproof, because
where is his birth certificate,
right?
So I don't know--
NOORY: Good point.
SHURKA: I don't have
his birth certificate.
I can't tell you that I know
that he was born in 15--
NOORY: You would not
bet the ranch he was
400-some years old, would you?
SHURKA: Well, because
of my experience
with the organization, certain
things that I've seen and gone
through, that
doesn't surprise me.
That's not the-- that's
not the wow factor.
That's just, OK.
He's 424 years old.
And when you see and understand
the power that this man has,
it's not a far-fetched
thing anymore.
NOORY: What did they
expect from you, Jason?
SHURKA: I wasn't
supposed to be, according
to my knowledge at
least, the person that's
doing this right now.
In that meeting on February 6,
the rabbi told the person who
wrote "The Pyramid Code"
to write and he said,
I'm giving you-- these were--
I'm paraphrasing,
but the words were,
I'm giving you permission to
document your first incarnation
in the year 2448, according
to the Hebrew calendar, which
is about 1,300 and something
BC in ancient Egypt.
So I'm giving you permission to
document your first incarnation
with the condition that you
also write down "The Pyramid
Code" without the code.
NOORY: What is
"The Pyramid Code?"
SHURKA: OK.
So the document that is referred
to as "The Pyramid Code"
that you can download
and read is a combination
of this man's first incarnation
with very, very in-depth
memory, with details
of certain things
that happened over his lifespan.
In ancient Egypt, by the way,
according to the document,
he lived 936 years old.
NOORY: Jeez.
SHURKA: Now, if you
do go to the Bible,
everybody lived till 900
years old before Noah's Ark.
After Noah's Ark, everybody
started living till 120, 150,
things like that.
And by the way, if you
look at what changed,
they went from pure, raw
vegans to meat eaters.
The pharaohs and people
in ancient Egypt of races
that we'll speak of--
NOORY: And they didn't have
vitamins and supplements
in those days either.
SHURKA: They didn't
need those things.
NOORY: Huh.
SHURKA: You're talking about
high vibrational beings.
NOORY: Does the code explain
how the pyramids were built?
SHURKA: Yes.
So the code explains
many things.
This person happened to be
there, so he experienced this--
NOORY: And is still anonymous.
SHURKA: And will remain
anonymous for various reasons
that I can cover as well.
But pretty much--
OK.
So in the year 2750
BC, there were four--
this is all in the
document, by the way.
There were four races that came
from different star systems--
I don't know
exactly which ones--
that came from four different
star systems to Earth
for two reasons.
Reason number one was because
their planets were destroyed.
I don't know why.
Their planets were destroyed.
They had to find a new home.
Reason number two,
their mission was
to elevate the low
vibrational human race that
existed on Earth at the time.
When I say low
vibrational, I'm talking
about a race that
had incest and murder
and rape as a common thing
in their day-to-day lives.
NOORY: Has anything changed?
SHURKA: [LAUGHS] No.
Not so much.
But this is what
we're talking about.
And they will explain
why things didn't change.
So these high vibrational beings
of those four different star
systems came here
to also raise us up,
and they did a very good
job in the beginning.
But over time, I guess you
can say we corrupted them,
and our influence was
imposed upon them.
NOORY: We did this to them?
SHURKA: The beings
at the time, right?
That were pretty
much human beings.
So instead of us--
instead of them bringing us
up, we brought them down,
and our world looks
the way that it looks.
So in turn, what's
really being said
here is that I know that there
are many theories that we're
the offspring of extraterres--
the breeding of extraterrestrial
life and human beings,
and that's exactly what we are.
And I'll take it a step further.
If you look at
Earth, many people
are like, well, that's a little
far-fetched, don't you think?
And I ask--
I ask a very simple question.
I want you to go to the
common narrative that's
taught to us in school today.
The common narrative
today says that we
were this little bacteria
that turned into a fish that
turned-- that somehow grew legs,
started breathing out of water
in air, turned into some
form of lizard, eventually
into some sort of mammal,
and then to a human being.
And after all of that, we have
all these different races.
But yet, everything
that I just said
isn't extinct, which is how
evolution is supposed to work.
So you tell me what
sounds crazier,
the fact that I came from a
fish, which is the accepted
narrative today, or the
fact that maybe we're
the offspring of
beings that looked
like us in the first place.
And the last thing
about that that I'll say
is if you look at Earth, how
do you think we're so diverse?
How do you think there's
African Americans and Asians
and white people and
Hispanics, and some are short
and some are tall?
NOORY: I think they're from all
different planetary systems.
SHURKA: And the Hebrew word
for Earth, the biblical Hebrew
word for Earth is Tevel.
Tevel means-- T-E-V-E-L.
Tevel means a mix of spices.
We're the only planet
that's not homogeneous.
NOORY: What do they want
us to learn, to know?
SHURKA: TLS?
NOORY: Yes.
SHURKA: That's a great question.
The ultimate goal
is to bring us,
I would say, very much
close to the awareness
that ETs are at today.
There are extraterrestrial
races upon us.
Some of them work in TLS.
Some of them I know
of that work in TLS
from different planets
that exist today.
Some of them look
like human beings.
Some of them don't.
And their purpose overall is
to reach what you and I spoke
about a different time
called the age of love,
which is a different
era, different awareness
collectively.
It's a collective awareness
that will pretty much lead
us to live in a completely
different world, a world
without borders, without walls.
There's no separate anything.
We're one.
And beyond-- there's no
Americans and Chinese people.
There's Earthlings, right?
And beyond just that,
we live in a universe.
So for us to reach our
collective destiny,
collective doesn't just mean
collective upon the human race.
Collective destiny
of the age of love
means collective upon all life.
And if we don't reach that,
then even though the ETs are
at a much higher level
of awareness than we are,
we will not collectively
reach what we need to reach.
So part of their,
from my understanding,
motivation for being here and
for working on Earth today
is to help us together reach
our collective awareness
of all life in the universe.
NOORY: Where are
they based, Jason?
Generally.
Where are they all--
SHURKA: Who?
NOORY: This TLS group.
SHURKA: All over the world.
There are offices
in New York City.
You just won't see TLS.
You'll see covers.
Everything's a cover.
But they do have a major branch
in every city in the world.
Every major city.
NOORY: "The Pyramid
Code" document, is it
available to the general public?
SHURKA: Yes.
So on September 9 at
9:00 AM Eastern Standard
Time, which is New York
time, I was instructed
to release the document.
It's on my website,
jasonshurka.com.
I think at this point,
if I'm not mistaken,
there's seven or eight
different languages
that it's been translated
into because people
have been taking incredible
initiatives to work
together and come--
NOORY: What's been
the reaction to it?
SHURKA: Incredible.
Don't get me wrong.
There are those that maybe want
to put me in a mental asylum.
And--
NOORY: Really?
SHURKA: Yeah.
Yeah.
My family being one of them.
NOORY: Tell me about that.
They just don't believe you?
SHURKA: It's not that.
You know, maybe somebody
could be manipulating me.
Maybe-- maybe--
NOORY: Or manipulating
them, your family.
SHURKA: Maybe.
Exactly.
So listen, in the beginning--
I'll tell you the
truth-- it bothered me.
But over time, the more I
observed their reaction--
in general, not just family,
but people and friends also that
didn't believe
what was going on--
it allowed me to grow a
different level of compassion,
because I understand.
If you put yourself in their
shoes, they live in a world
where they don't think alien.
And this is--
NOORY: So on the outside looking
in, they probably are saying,
what happened to our
little boy Jason, right?
SHURKA: Exactly.
Yes.
Now, listen.
I understand where
they're coming from.
In their minds,
aliens don't exist.
High tech-- the only
technology we have
is the technology that we see.
That's how they think.
So for them to--
NOORY: That we're alone
in this vast universe.
SHURKA: Exactly.
So for them to believe
me would really
mean for them to
accept that everything
that they think is a lie, and
that's very difficult to do.
So I don't take it
personally, because I
understand the
hardship that comes
with accepting these things.
It's a change of
life completely.
NOORY: Do you wish you would
never have been approached?
SHURKA: Absolutely not.
NOORY: You're glad you did.
SHURKA: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
NOORY: You think they knew
you wanted to be part of this?
They felt this?
SHURKA: You're
talking about TLS?
NOORY: Uh-huh.
When I asked them, why are
you coming to me-- listen,
on paper, when you look at me,
you know, I'm 23 years old.
I work in real estate.
Who am I?
What am I?
I didn't do anything.
I'm not a--
I don't have a big impact.
I'm not significant
in the world.
So why me?
That was my question.
Over time, the main
answer was, you
were born with
something energetically
and you will come to
understand what that means.
NOORY: Did you write
your two books before
or after you were approached?
SHURKA: That's a good question.
After.
NOORY: That gave
you the insight.
SHURKA: Yeah.
No.
Not so much.
The second-- both
books, I always
said I didn't write
these, because I remember
when I was typing them, it
happened in a span of a week,
and it was done.
NOORY: That's amazing.
SHURKA: And I kept saying
to my family, I didn't write
this book, because I'm typing--
NOORY: Most take two years.
SHURKA: Yeah.
It was within a few
days, and it was over.
The interesting part is that--
so in "The Pyramid
Code" there's a book
referred to as "Rays of Light."
"Rays of Light" is
an 864-page book
written by the same man who
wrote "The Pyramid Code," only
"Rays of Light" is not going to
be released for many reasons.
NOORY: OK.
SHURKA: I only had the honor of
reading about 50-some odd pages
of the 864 pages.
Now, I read that after
I wrote my second book,
and here's the amazing part.
When I wrote my second book,
it was back in February.
It's called "The
Language of Energy."
And I was writing,
writing, writing quickly.
And only after when I
finished, they told me, hey.
We're going to read you a
portion of "Rays of Light."
I said, OK.
Now, nobody saw my
book at this point.
They opened the book.
Start reading it to me,
because it's also in Hebrew.
It's very difficult for me to
read Hebrew, but I'm learning.
And there are portions in
the 50-some-odd pages that's
exactly what I wrote in
"The Language of Energy,"
almost word for word.
NOORY: How does that happen?
SHURKA: It's some
sort of download.
NOORY: Yeah.
SHURKA: Something.
NOORY: Automatic
writing through you.
SHURKA: And it was weird.
But it was an experience that--
this is new to me.
I don't channel.
It's not something that I know.
It's things that I'm learning.
And I come from a very common
or average sort of place
in terms of awareness, you know?
Where I don't live in
a place like Boulder
that I found to be very
aware for the most part.
NOORY: It is.
SHURKA: Where I'm
from, people are just
like everybody
else in the world.
It's just, eh, aliens?
And again, the purpose
of TLS, their mission
is to bring us to this
new level of awareness
with as little
damage as possible.
NOORY: Can we handle the truth?
SHURKA: I guess we're
seeing that right now.
The truth is coming out.
NOORY: I mean, look
what happens with just
you with people
that deal with you.
They question you.
They want to lock you up.
SHURKA: A few.
NOORY: Put you away.
NOORY: So what happens if
we do this with the masses?
SHURKA: That's why
I don't think--
when TLS said people
are ready, I'm
a very big advocate
of disclosure.
And I know a lot of people see
secrecy as something negative,
and it's not.
It could be something negative
if used by the wrong people.
NOORY: And how it's used.
SHURKA: Yeah, exactly.
But on the other side of the
equation, if too much is given,
too much good also and
knowledge is given too quickly,
it can do damage also.
It can cause chaos.
And my individual
example and experience
of how I was disclosed
to the information
is a perfect example of that.
If somebody came
to me and told me
what they told me a year
later on the same day
that they approached me, I
would have looked at them
and say, no way, you know?
This is-- get out of here.
But disclosure happens.
I think it happens when
people are ready to receive
the information.
And my biggest motivation
for coming out,
even though people may look
at me like there's something
wrong with me or I need
to go to a mental asylum
or maybe I'm on some drugs
or whatever it may be,
no matter what,
my main motivation
is because I understand that we
can bring a better age for all
of life a whole lot quicker.
But steps need to
be taken to do that,
and sacrifices have to be made.
And if it means that we
can even bring ourselves
one minute closer to
a collective higher
level of awareness for
our life in the universe
and I have to sacrifice my name
and my reputation for that,
you better believe
I'm going to do it,
because that's more
important than I am.
NOORY: Jason, in this document
that you have released,
it talks about items hidden
under the Dome of the Rock.
What are those items?
SHURKA: Those items were
hidden around the year 410 BC,
according to the
orders of King Josiah
at the time by the
person who wrote
the document in his past
life, in that incarnation.
That's the story
that's being told.
And the purpose for
hiding these items, which
I'll explain what they are--
NOORY: Please.
SHURKA: --was to-- so these
items, which are very powerful
and sacred items, don't get into
the hands of the wrong people.
Because if it does, it could
lead to a lot of problems.
NOORY: Such as war?
SHURKA: Such as
very high technology
being in hands
that can be very--
NOORY: With a lot of people.
SHURKA: Exactly.
NOORY: OK.
SHURKA: Yes.
So hidden under the Dome of
the Rock-- and by the way,
it's called the Dome of the Rock
because right under the dome,
which today is an
Islamic shrine, mosque--
NOORY: In Jerusalem.
SHURKA: In Jerusalem.
It's right next to
the Western Wall.
Right under the dome, there
is actually a massive boulder.
And that boulder they
call the foundation stone.
They call it the foundation
stone because that--
it's not only the
energetic center of Earth,
it's also the energetic
center of the universe.
So Earth plays a very
important role in the universe
and what's going on here.
Hidden directly under it,
100 and some odd feet--
I don't have the
exact measurements
of where it is-- is a room where
there's the Holy of Holies,
the Ark of the Covenant.
There are two staffs,
very much like what you
see in Egyptian hieroglyphics.
NOORY: From Moses, maybe?
SHURKA: Moses, by
the way, was born--
raised by the pharaohs
in the royal palace.
He got a lot of his
powers from what
is called the barakah process,
which is an initiation
process that pretty
much only the pharaohs
and their offspring go through,
but there were some exceptions,
Moses being one of them because
he was a Jew that was adopted
by the pharaoh's daughter.
So that stick-- there's
two sticks-- staffs,
we'll call them.
One is-- it has the
head of a snake on it.
The other one is
called the ankh,
which is the cross
with the loop on top.
That's I think known
as the stick of life.
NOORY: These are all biblical
things that we've heard about.
SHURKA: Yeah.
The Bible is the history book.
NOORY: And it's all there.
SHURKA: Mm-hmm.
It's all there.
NOORY: Now, we're going to go by
Skype to talk to remote viewer
Patricia Monna.
And one of her clients
asked her to remote view
the Dome of the Rock as
we've been talking about it.
Let's take a look.
Patricia, you're live in Canada.
Welcome.
MONNA: Hi.
Thank you so much
for having me again.
NOORY: Tell us
about this episode.
How did this client come to you?
What did they want you
to try to remote view?
MONNA: Well, I was
asked to remote view
some ancient technologies, some
artifacts, and some targets.
And so the type of
remote viewing that I do,
I track energy, whether it's a
missing person or even a place
or thing in the entire universe.
That's what the gift
of remote viewing does.
It gives you the ability to
be able to perceive outside
of this reality and
across the world.
So when I was looking
under the Dome of the Rock,
the first thing that I noticed
was the conflicting energy.
The energy that is on
top of that specific site
is not the same
resonance as what's
coming up from the bottom.
So without knowing any
sort of history on the Dome
of the Rock--
I didn't even know
where it was--
I was able to see that there
would be fights in the area,
that there should be,
due to the conflicting
energy on a personal
level as human beings,
we're going to feel that fight.
NOORY: Did you see the
Ark of the Covenant?
MONNA: I saw quite a
few things down there.
The first thing that I saw
was a spiral staircase that
went all the way to the bottom.
I also saw an alcove
that looked like a room.
One of them had an altar in it.
I remember seeing the staffs
that Jason spoke about.
I saw two staffs down there.
And I do confirm that one did
look like it had a snake's had.
It was the snake-- the
shape of a snake's head.
I did see that.
And then the other one
did look like the ankh.
And what I noticed
was with these staffs
comes a very specific resonance.
So I know that the
person who put them there
had to vibrate a certain level
in order to touch these things.
It was all about resonance, even
down to what these people ate.
The reason why they
could live longer
was because of what
they would eat.
I saw this manna bread
that was down there.
And when I looked
a little closer,
I saw the residence of
monoatomic gold, which
is something that the ancients
used to ingest to bring up
their personal vibration,
because the higher you vibrate,
there's no disease
that you will catch.
There's no open doors
for negative things
to come in, right?
So therefore, the
body is more pure.
Everything about the energetic
field and what it projects
is more pure.
And with that comes a higher
degree of intelligence,
or I guess cosmic intelligence.
NOORY: Jason, any questions--
SHURKA: Yeah.
Yeah.
It's very interesting
that you say that,
because you just
connected something
that isn't spoken about
anywhere that I happen
to know of from Rabbi
AA and certain things
that he said in the past.
So that manna bread, in the
Bible they call it [HEBREW]
in Hebrew.
And the reason-- in the story
of the Bible, the Hebrews,
before they became the Jewish
people to when they received
the Torah on Mount Sinai--
which, by the way, is Mt.
Karkom today in Israel--
they had to eat that bread for
a period of time and nothing
else.
And Rabbi AA said that
the purpose for that
is exactly what you just
said, which is interesting.
And I know that we've
never shared that before,
which is awesome.
The purpose of the bread is to
purify the body, mind, and soul
on all levels, to be able
to bring the individual
to get to the point
where they can
receive something of such high
vibration in the first place.
So I mean, you hit
it right on the nail.
I had a question for you.
Did you see any
sculptures of any sort?
Because there are certain
references that are brought up.
MONNA: Yes, I did.
I saw two of them,
one that looked
like it was a combination
of an animal and a person.
So one looked like an eagle
and then the head of a man.
And then the other
one, again, it didn't--
the second one, though, didn't
look like an eagle to me.
The second energy felt almost
like it had a feminine--
it felt like it was the
divine feminine coming
through that one and
the masculine coming
through the other.
It felt like it had equal
but different energy.
They were not the same--
SHURKA: Yeah, which is exactly
in the document, it said--
they're called
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]..
I don't know if there's
an English name for that.
But the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH],,
as it says in the document,
are two sculptures,
two sort of statues.
Both of them have the
heads of an eagle,
but one has a feminine
body and the other one
has a masculine body.
So [LAUGHS] it's interesting.
NOORY: Patricia, Thank you.
It's a remarkable
work that you've done.
MONNA: Thank you.
SHURKA: Thank you so much.
MONNA: You're so welcome.
NOORY: You take
care of yourself.
What do you think,
Jason, the significance
of the Dome of the Rock is?
SHURKA: Again, I
think its importance--
first of all, there are
some things about it
that I don't know.
But what I do know is that
it is the energetic center
of Earth and the universe.
Now, before the Dome of the
Rock was the Dome of the Rock,
just like the Egyptians
knew to build pyramids
on certain lay lines--
NOORY: Right.
SHURKA: Right.
There was a purpose
that the Hebrews
at the time who built the
holy temple, the Jews,
built it around that
foundation stone.
And it's because somehow they
were in some sort of resonance
and in tune to the extent
where they could understand
that that part of Earth is
very significant energetically.
So they built the
temple around it.
Now Patricia, by
the way, brought
something very interesting.
She said that there's
conflicting energies of what's
underground and what's on top.
NOORY: As you said.
SHURKA: Which is--
I mean, it used
to be a different temple
doing different things.
And suddenly, the things that
were stored from that temple
are no longer in alignment
with what's above it.
NOORY: What do you think
of the spiral staircase
she talked about?
SHURKA: I asked, actually,
because it was something
that I was curious about.
And I don't know of
any spiral staircase.
I don't know of the access of
how to get to that portion.
But I do know that it--
we're not too far from those
things perhaps being revealed.
NOORY: Now many
believe, of course,
the pyramids were constructed by
extraterrestrials or assisted.
Why do you think they've come
to good old planet Earth?
SHURKA: OK.
So again, number
one, the ones that I
know of in 2750 BC, that
doesn't mean that ETs
didn't coming here way
before then as well.
This is just a certain part
of history, a specific part.
But they came because their
planets were destroyed
and to help raise
the awareness of man
at the time, of humankind over
here, which is very much what
they're doing today.
Why are they here?
They're not here for fun because
they like how on Earth looks.
NOORY: Are we in any kind
of danger in your opinion?
SHURKA: There are
threats in the universe,
and nuclear weapons
are a big threat.
And I'm sure you know there is a
very big connection to suddenly
when there are UFO sightings,
nuclear weapon bases
just go down.
By the way--
NOORY: That's happened?
SHURKA: Yeah, that's
happened many times.
Part of what they do is
neutralize nuclear weaponry,
because that has
the ability to-- it
plays a very big threat to us
on the universal level, not just
Earth.
NOORY: Modern-day humanity
does not know what you know.
Are you afraid?
SHURKA: Absolutely not.
If anything, it gives
me a lot of hope.
NOORY: For us.
SHURKA: For us.
We're going into a
very good direction.
NOORY: So there's light
at the end of the tunnel.
SHURKA: There's love at
the end of the tunnel,
and it's called the age of love.
NOORY: What kind of
races are with us today?
ET types?
SHURKA: I know of three.
I'll give you the names.
There's Konom, Nashia, and Tzia.
Tzia are the equivalent of
what people would call--
and I don't know if it's
the same exact race,
but for me
cross-referencing what
I know in the
community today, Tzia
look very much like Pleiadians.
Konom, people from Konom,
look very much like the Grays.
I don't know if
they're the same ones.
I do know that there's an
idea that the Grays are evil.
The people from
Konom are absolutely
the opposite of that.
And Konom are the only ones that
really don't look like humans.
They're short, lengthy,
dolphin-like skin.
NOORY: All friendly?
SHURKA: All absolutely friendly.
NOORY: So we lucked out there,
because there are some races
that aren't friendly.
SHURKA: So people say that, but
from the knowledge that I have,
I don't know of any races
that are not friendly.
NOORY: You haven't
come across that.
SHURKA: No.
And according to TLS, Earth
is the only planet with war.
NOORY: How do you think
the pyramids were made?
What kind of technology?
SHURKA: It was a
technology that was
brought with the
extraterrestrials at the time.
There were four races that
landed in the north, south,
east, and west.
The race that we know is the
pharaohs were called Fatasol.
Fatasol is the sons of god, the
people that came from the sky.
They brought with
them EMP, which
is known as
Electromagnetic Pulsation,
and EMLP, which is
Electromagnetic Laser
Pulsation.
These technologies--
the pyramids
were built with two
types of technologies,
physical technology
like what I just said
and spiritual technology.
Now, what I mean by
spiritual technology
is, for example, a UFO.
They don't just operate
through physical means.
It's not just physical
technology that, by the way,
is connected to the sun
and lasers and all of that.
The crafts actually work
through the consciousness
of the operator.
So the craft is an extension
of the consciousness
of the operator, and that's
why you can see things going--
you can see movements that
don't make sense physically.
So the pyramids were
built with very much
of the same technology, and they
were built for the purpose--
many purposes.
It was an eternal clock,
an eternal calendar.
They were mainly built
for protection of what
was being stored inside it.
There were many-- there
were some crafts that
were stored inside it.
And there were also certain
instruments and tools
that they wanted to preserve
for generations to come.
So the protection-- number
one, the shape of the pyramid
is, by the way, the best way to
preserve something naturally,
structurally.
But in terms of the
physical protection,
EMP and EMLP in the
Fatasol Pharaonic language
was referred to as magia
or magen In Hebrew, magen
means shield.
It's protection.
So this EMP and
electromagnetic laser pulsation
act as protection for what's
stored under the pyramids.
So there are vast hidden
basements that we have not
found yet today.
NOORY: Let's look at a
picture of a pyramid, Jason.
SHURKA: Sure.
Sure.
NOORY: And you tell us
about the structure of it
and what you think is
behind the geometry.
SHURKA: Sure.
All right.
NOORY: What can
you say about this?
SHURKA: The pyramid
is a structure
that was created to link
man in the physical world
and the spiritual world.
And it was done
through the geometry
that you're looking at.
NOORY: That shape is important.
SHURKA: That shape did
not come because somebody
liked the shape.
It came because of the
numbers and the way energy
flows through that shape.
For example, if you look at the
vertices, there's one on top
and there's four on the bottom
that make up the square.
Five vertices represents
the letter also in Hebrew--
once again, not
Jewish, the pharaohs
used the Hebrew
language-- the letter hei,
which is the fifth
letter of the alphabet.
Hei represents god.
By the way, in every
tradition, pay attention, now.
Anything to represent
God is breath.
It takes a breath.
[EXHALE] Hei is god to show that
spirit is actually air, breath.
NOORY: That's great
geometry, though.
SHURKA: Now, the
lines there, lines
that make up the
actual shape, there's
four that make up the actual--
that make up the
walls, and there are
four that make up the square.
Eight lines represent
infinity, and that represents
the infinite flow of energy that
moved through that structure,
to connect the physical
to the spiritual.
NOORY: Now, how did
they physically make it.
SHURKA: Great.
There was levitation of rocks.
They cut down--
NOORY: Sound resonance?
SHURKA: Say it again.
SHURKA: I've heard that.
I know that they've used
electromagnetic pulsation,
electromagnetic laser
pulsation to cut the stones
and to move the stones.
Now, if that advanced technology
has some sort of resonance--
I'm sure it does, because
that's how everything works.
So that's how they
actually moved the stones.
The pharaohs were
the architects.
The Hebrews at the time were
the builders with the technology
of the pharaohs.
NOORY: What is next for
all of us in your opinion?
SHURKA: OK.
So right now, we are
in the age of light.
The age of light started on the
famous date that we all know,
December 21, 2012.
Obviously, the world
didn't end, but we
did have a very
big energetic shift
that did cause a very big
shift in consciousness.
You see people
eating differently,
taking care of their
health, being more aware
of certain things.
A lot of information is coming
to light and being exposed.
That's the age of
light right now.
According to TLS,
from the year 2020,
we're exactly 170
years away, which
is the deadline, of what's
called the age of love which
is, again, a time of no borders.
It's a time of unity,
intergalactic communication.
Levitation with the body
is something that's normal.
It's not--
NOORY: Sounds good to me.
SHURKA: --supernatural, right?
Now, the reason why
I'm doing all of this
is because of what
I'm about to say.
It's one thing to say the age of
love deadline is in 170 years,
but here's the beautiful part.
We don't have to wait till then
in order to reach that point.
The age of love
corresponds to a time
where we're all collectively
in fifth dimensional awareness
or higher.
The reason why I'm OK
with coming especially
from the place that I
come from and being OK
with the ridicule
and all of that
is because we can
bring the age of love
upon us in our lifetime.
It will come in 170 years,
which is in the year 2000--
2192, I believe.
NOORY: 2190-something.
SHURKA: 2192, I
think, from 2012.
That's the deadline.
The question is, what's
going to happen on the way?
So no matter what happens, we're
going to get there by then.
We could get there
in our lifetime.
And I believe that this
document, "The Pyramid
Code," whether it brings us a
minute closer, an hour closer,
or a year closer,
or 100 years closer,
it's one step in
the right direction,
and that's why I'm
standing behind it.
NOORY: And how can people
download the document?
SHURKA: It's on my
website, jasonshurka.com.
NOORY: Spell your
last name for us.
SHURKA: S-H-U-R-K-A. There's a
tab that says The Pyramid Code.
You can download it
in your language.
It's in many languages now.
And there are audio
versions if you
don't want to read it
in English and Hebrew
on my YouTube channel.
NOORY: Jason, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
SHURKA: Thank you so much.
I appreciate it.
NOORY: You've got
guts, my friend.
SHURKA: [LAUGHS] Thank you.
NOORY: Stay safe.
SHURKA: Thank you.
NOORY: Fascinating discussion
about "The Pyramid Code,"
about this
organization called TLS
that wants to better mankind.
I hope they do.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]